1. How do you guarantee that only three elves will ask questions?
- Using the monitor we use blocks which only activate when 3 elves are
waiting to ask a question.

2. Show that why no elf will leave before the questions are answered.
- When an elf is waiting they can do nothing other then wait in the
specified question.Wait() section in the code they will not move forward
others may join them though.

3. Show that while three elves are waiting for an answer, no other elves
can cut in and ask questions.
- The first group of eleves to call wait will have priorety in the monitor
and when a Signal is called that first waiting group can continue

4. How do you guarantee that Santa only answers questions while he is not
sleeping.
- when we call Sleep() we block santa, when an elf has a question or when the
reindeer return they will call Signal to unblock them.

5. Show that when Santa is wakened up by a reindeer, this reindeer is the
last one coming back from vaction.
- using an if ... else statement with blocking we wait untill a counter is
equal to the number of reindeer when that inital if(count == reindeer)
is activated only the thread that entered will call signal to wake up santa.

6. How do you make sure that Santa always handles reindeers first.
- when santa becomes unblocked (wakes up) we first check if all reindeer are
gathered then we check the questions so if all reindeer are gathered the flow
of the code will land us on the if(reindeerBack) before we look at if(question)
for the elves.

7. Show that while Santa is attaching the sleigh and delivering toys, all
reindeers are there. They won't sneak out for vacation.
- Reindeers will be blocked while waiting to be attached to the sleigh only
to be released when the last reindeer is hooked up. after delivering toys
reindeer are completely unblocked and may begin their while loop again.

8. Show that while santa is attaching the sleigh and delivering toys, elves
will not ask questions.
- If santa is attaching the sleigh we will have all the elves be blocked only
to be released when santa returns and Signals.
